HaSeul: O.E.C sent this message 'Who are you? What are you wearing?'
HaSeul: So ViVi answered like this...
HaSeul: 'Vi'
HaSeul: and then she texted 'An angel-like clothes'
HeeJin: It's a kind of ordinary phone conversation between 1/3 and O.E.C
(Their clothes really look like an angel dress!)
HeeJin: Your clothes could be an angel dress with a little change!
HeeJin: Please show us!
HeeJin: You should raise your shoulders, ViVi~
(Angel ViVi who has muscular shoulders!)
HaSeul: She's an angel, not a pigeon~
ViVi: If I'm a pigeon
(Vigeon's attack!)
(HeeJin accidentally made eye contact with a fan who is entering the concert hall!)
HeeJin: I should be careful, right?
HeeJin: I'm never going to touch the curtains again~
HyunJin: The only thing left to do is to go to the stage~
(Stretching facial muscles before going on stage!)
HaSeul: Jeon.Kim.Jo.Hwang~
HeeJin: Jeon!
(HyunJin was a bit late)
HyunJin: Kim!
HeeJin: Jeon!
(HyunJin was a bit fast)
HyunJin: Kim!
HeeJin: Jeon!
HaSeul: Jo!
ViVi: Hwang!
(Jeon.Kim.Jo.Hwag, fighting~)
HaSeul: We're not like-minded~
(Finally LOOΠΔ Jeon.Kim.Jo.Hwang go up to the stage!)
All: We're LOOΠΔ 1/3~